alright I'm going to say this is going
to be my last match for this set if
anything this day I learned that Coon
gin is incredibly good and overpowered
sport bein doesn't have a very viable
hi-low game I don't like Jackie and she
knock it all and I'll probably never
pick them again huh all right we got
another her mac to end the set when you
flirt I block low I didn't do dash back
at all but all when out he hits a free
combo other's legs man laggy for both of
us he's not home dropping his stuff to
you tell he can't do stuff he wants sure
what luck
why did that drop I have no idea he
wasted x-ray it's a big waste of meter
there well I don't know why the combo
draft why dude everyone else to do it I
can't do it sure what oh wow it's just
like sub-zero I didn't know that it was
like sub-zero
come here no I dropped I poked him in
his little ball what the fuck oh fun
fight I tried the black hi don't know
what happen there / hey goodbye okay my
kicks not coming out that's it hahaha
damn cone Jane overpowered basic stuff
pretty talented well what did I learn
from this set I learned that the new MK
4 10 matchmaking net code is the same as
the old one there's no difference
whatsoever oh all it does is it
disguises connections it makes them look
green even though they're the same bad
connections they used to be I learned
that Jackie and shin och are bad just
like I felt offline I don't like them
online either I learned that scorpion
although he is a quick character in his
Bible in certain situations has a lot of
issues against a highly defensive
players he doesn't have a good high
little mix-up game and I also learned
that come Jin isn't over incredibly
overpowered asshole who does insane
damage off of one little juggle move and
pretty ridiculous that's what I learned
in this set so uh all right that is it
trying out the four characters only one
of them really do i think is viable and
i will continue to play thanks for
watching this set okay